Update Azure OIDC guidance to verify statefulset and also lint the yaml to be the same as the autherservice (#2323)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/azure/authentication-oidc.md

            privateKey: /etc/istio/ingressgateway-certs/tls.key
            serverCertificate: /etc/istio/ingressgateway-certs/tls.crt
    {{< /highlight >}}

1. Expose Kubeflow with a load balancer service:

    To expose Kubeflow with a load balancer service, change the type of the `istio-ingressgateway` service to `LoadBalancer`.

    ```shell
    kubectl patch service -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway -p '{"spec": {"type": "LoadBalancer"}}'
    ```

    After that, obtain the `LoadBalancer` IP address or Hostname from its status and create the necessary certificate.

    ```shell
    kubectl get svc -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0]}'
    ```

    {{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
    If you are exposing [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) gateway through public IP, make sure it matches the IP address of the OIDC `REDIRECT_URL` by running:
    
    ```shell
    kubectl get statefulset authservice -n istio-system -o yaml
    ```

    If it doesn't match, update `REDIRECT_URL` in the StatefulSet to be the public IP address from the last step, by running:
    
    ```shell

>     kubectl edit statefulset authservice -n istio-system

Author: Sure. Just to clarify, are we adding `kubectl rollout restart statefulset authservice -n istio-system` post `kubectl edit ...`

>     kubectl edit statefulset authservice -n istio-system

Reviewer: > Sure. Just to clarify, are we adding `kubectl rollout restart statefulset authservice -n istio-system` post `kubectl edit ...`

Yes that's correct

    To expose Kubeflow with a load balancer service, change the type of the `istio-ingressgateway` service to `LoadBalancer`.

    ```shell
    kubectl patch service -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway -p '{"spec": {"type": "LoadBalancer"}}'
    ```

    After that, obtain the `LoadBalancer` IP address or Hostname from its status and create the necessary certificate.

    ```shell
    kubectl get svc -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0]}'
    ```

    {{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

>     If you are exposing [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) gateway through public IP, make sure it matches the IP address of OIDC `REDIRECT_URL`, by running:

Reviewer 2: Nit: 
```suggestion
    If you are exposing [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) gateway through public IP, make sure it matches the IP address of the OIDC `REDIRECT_URL` by running:
```

    kubectl patch service -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway -p '{"spec": {"type": "LoadBalancer"}}'
    ```

>     After that, obtain the `LoadBalancer` IP or Hostname from its status and create the necessary certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    After that, obtain the `LoadBalancer` IP address or Hostname from its status and create the necessary certificate.
```

Author: Thanks @8bitmp3. Will update!

    ```
    kubectl get svc -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0]}'
    ```

    {{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

>     If you are exposing Ingress gateway through public IP please ensure its matches IP address of OIDC ```REDIRECT_URL```, by running:
>     ```
>     kubectl get statefulset authservice -n istio-system -o yaml
>     ```
>     If it doesn't match, update ```REDIRECT_URL``` in the statefulset to be the public IP address you got in the last step, by running:
>         ```
>     kubectl edit statefulset authservice -n istio-system
>     ```

Reviewer 2: Suggestions:

- "make sure it matches" <- "please ensure its matches"
- "the" + "IP address" (definite article)
- To help new readers: 
  - Add a link to **Ingress** from the k8s site, just in case (gateway ingress is talked about on Microsoft's site but Ingress comes from k8s, as far as I understand
  - **StatefulSet** should be spelled out with capital "S"s (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/) - add a link just case readers aren't aware
- Use single backticks for in-line "code font" (e.g. `REDIRECT_URL`) instead of three backticks
  - This could be useful: https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-code-style-for-filenames-directories-and-paths
- Separate paragraphs and code blocks with blank lines
- "from the last step" <-"you got in the last step" (too informar)

```suggestion
    If you are exposing [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) gateway through the public IP, make sure it matches the IP address of OIDC `REDIRECT_URL` by running:
    
    ```shell
    kubectl get statefulset authservice -n istio-system -o yaml
    ```

    If it doesn't match, then update the `REDIRECT_URL` in the [StatefulSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/) to be the public IP address from the last step, by running:
    
    ```
    kubectl edit statefulset authservice -n istio-system
    ```

```

    kubectl get svc -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0]}'
    ```

>     **Note:**

Reviewer 2: I think this would be ok too:

```
**Note**: If you are exposing [Ingress](...)...
...
```
In one line.

Take a look at other examples across the site - I think this is how it's mostly done here 🤔

Author: Thanks for pointing it out. It has been updated.

    namespace: istio-system
    spec:
    commonName: istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc

>     # Use ipAddresses if your LoadBalancer issues an IP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Use ipAddresses if your LoadBalancer issues an IP address
```
